I just want to say,
Miss Raw Cotton is your wife,
There might be some misunderstanding there.
There are several later films, too.
Friend, what misunderstanding?
Like you treat someone badly,
You can take yourself to her.
Speaking of which,
Don't think about it any more,
You deserve this kind of man,
There's still some misunderstanding.
I'll give you a misunderstanding. Yes,
Did I really have sex with that woman from Shunli last night?
I heard you are in the hospital. Do you know what's going on? It's okay.
I'm tired of riding,
You promised me before that you would marry me,
Why do you even tell me you are sick now?
Do you regret it?
The jokes you made when you were little are exchanged for your wishes
I know I said it would be fun
But now